Hello and welcome to this art tutorial and the following tutorials we will be implementing multiple
regression in our.
And right now as usual we are going to start with the basics which is to set our folder as working directory
.
So right now I'm on my desktop.
I'm going to my machine or any folder.
Then part two regression.
And then we want to go to multiple regression.
And here is the folder.
Make sure that you have the 50 start ups that has the file and if that's the case you're ready to click
on this more button here to set the folder.
As a working directory.
All right.
Now let's start with step one which is to prepare the data to make our multiple linear regression ready
to be built.
So as usual we are going to use our template the data pre-processing template that we made in part 1
.
And we're just going to copy this copy and paste it here.
All right.
And now let's take care of the few things to change.
So first we will change the name of the dataset which is here 50 startups.
All right 50 startups Dutchie as we we can select this and execute to have a look at our set.
Here it is.
And that's the data set.
I'll remind what this dataset is about.
So this contains informations of startups actually 50 startups and these informations are some amount
of money spent.
So for example there is the amount spent in R&D administration marketing and finally there is also the
state in which the startup operates.
And finally we have a last column here which is the profit and thats the profit we want to predict with
our multiple in our regression models.
And we want to predict that profit based on this independent variables which are the R&D spend the administration
marketing spend in the States.
So we are doing this because we are doing a mission for investors who want to know in which startup
they should invest their money.
And so not only they want to predict the future profits for new startups based on the same informations
but also they want to see which independent variable has the highest effect on the profit and which
one governs the relationship between the profit and those independent variables.
Is there an independent variable that has a highest effect than another one does the states in which
the star operates have an impact on the profit.
We'll find that out thanks to our multiple regression model in our.
And thanks to this model the investors will be able to draw some insights from our results.
Okay.
So now the next step of the first data pre-processing is to split the data set into the training set
and the test set.
But is it the subset we need to do right now.
I know that the template is suggesting that but let's not forget that in our data sets we have one specific
variable which should strike our attention.
Well it's this one it's the state variable because it contains category's which means it's a categorical
variable.
And remember when we have a categorical variable like this with category's written in text this would
cause some issues in our machine learning model equations because how do you want to make a linear equation
with one of the variable rigidness text will make any sense.
So what we're going to do of course is to encode the state variable and to do this we are going to use
what we learned in part when data processing on the we didn't include that in the template because this
will actually be one of the only examples where we'll need to encode our categorical data.
We put it in a separate file.
And so right now we're going to open the separate file.
So I'm going to jump back to my folder Part 1 data pre-processing which is here and here we go.
So the categorical data or our files here.
So let's open it.
Here it is.
And right now what I'm going to do is I'm going to take this copy.
So you have the same file so you can also take it from your folder or take it from the course.
And let's go back to our multiple linear regression file and paste that here.
OK.
Then of course we need to change a few things here so we need to change the name of our categorical
variable.
So in part 1 it was country and here in this state.
OK.
Same here.
We need to change country by state.
Let's not forget to align this this is very important in our.
And in any programming language we go there.
And now we need to change the levels.
So before you know the categorical variable was the countries in the three categories where France Spain
and Germany and here are three categories are New York California and Florida.
So let's look at another data set.
Actually I will close that because we no longer needed to hear our levels are we said New York
California and Florida.
OK.
And then the labels.
That is the numeric numbers which are actually factors the numeric factors that are going to replace
these three tests here New York California and Florida.
Are these numbers you choose here for labels.
So here we have one two three.
That means that New York is going to be one.
California is going to be two and Florida's going to be three.
You're going to see I'm going to select this and execute.
All right.
And now let's look at our data set as you can see the state is now encoded with the 1 2 3 values.
So one for New York two for California and three for Florida.
Let's go back.
OK.
So re-encoding is done and that's a much better thing for our model now now our model has a greater
chance to work.
And now the last thing we need to do is to split the dataset into training set and the test set.
So here let's not forget to change the name of the dependent viable here which is not purchased but
profit.
All right.
And then we need to change a split ratio if necessary.
Let's see we have 50 observations so a good split would be to have 40 observations in the train set
and 10 observations in a test set.
So that makes actually a 90 percent split ratio.
80 percent going to the training set and this is already what we have.
Perfect.
So we don't have to do anything here for the split ratio.
And we are ready to take all of these and execute.
And here we go.
Let's have a look at our training set and our test set.
Here it is.
That's the training set.
OK so it contains 40 entries for the observations grades we have are encoded variable for state.
That's perfect.
And then a test set that contains 10 observations and everything looks fine.
All right.
So let's go back to multiple regression and the last step is feature scaling but ask for simple in the
regression we won't need to apply features scaling manually.
This will be taken care of with the function that we're going to use to fit multiple in our regression
to our training set.
So we're all fine we're all good here.
We are ready to move on to the next step and that's what we're going to do in the next two Tauriel.
Thank you for watching this one.
And I look forward to seeing you in the next one.
Until then enjoy machine learning